jsDOM is a benchmark suite for measuring performance of JavaScript DOM
manipulation. That is, it does not measure the speed of the JavaScript
interpreter itself, but rather the speed of the web browsers interface
with JavaScript. In many modern web applications, this is the largest
performance bottleneck.

It is important to note the scope of jsDOM. What this benchmark tests
is how fast the web browser is in creating new DOM objects in response
to JavaScript requests. This benchmark does not measure how fast the
browser then is at actually painting things on screen. Just because a
script has created a new table does not imply that the browser chooses
to display it on screen. There is, to the best of my knowledge, no
sane way to check this.

Many additional tests could be added. Patches are welcome.

jsDOM relies heavily on the jQuery library for DOM manipulation. The
reasoning behind this choice is that jQuery is a popular real world
choice, and as such, the benchmark should better reflect real world
performance. 

The jsDOM test performs a set of tasks that are all reasonable to
expect an AJAX heavy site to perform during initial loading. These
tasks include creating DOM nodes using one of several techniques,
creating a form, and modifying the styling of DOM elements in several
ways. The average time taken to complete all these tasks once is
inverted to produce the final benchmark score. In other words, a score
of ten means that the DOM manipulation portion of page loading can be
expected to take roughly one tenth of a second. This is the threshold
chosen for what is percieved to be acceptable performance in this
benchmark. 


